Release 2.1.1 (#117)
astronomer/airflow-provider-fivetran-async: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2.1.1 (2024-12-30)

### Bug Fixes

> - fix: prepare api call kwargs correctly for synchronous methods when using FivetranHookAsync by @JeremyDOwens in https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-provider-fivetran-async/pull/115

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure proper preparation of API call ``kwargs`` for synchronous methods in ``FivetranHookAsync`` by @JeremyDOwens in https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-provider-fivetran-async/pull/115
```
